

--3
Worked the whole day on Peek project.
--2
I have completed my two priorities for the day. My two priorities for the day were jogging 10 miles and writing an update text to Dad and Alden. That’s what one of the motivational speakers in the youtube video that I downloaded onto my phone said to do. It’s in the 6 minutes to start your day one. These lessons are starting to stick. A part of me has been thinking a lot of transferring this from google docs to a folder on my desktop that i will turn into a github repository. Then I will write all the text in atom and commit the changes at the end of every day. That way i can create keys, like gratitude and what i learned. Today I’ve also downloaded a bunch of new videos onto my phone for the morning jog. The 10 miles take two hours. I might need to get up earlier in the day to accomplish all that I want. I feel motivated but there is also a nagging sense of doubt. It’s been at least three years now. Those last few months at the end of the year, comes the crash. Like I’ve mentioned before, the middle of the days are also the times where I tend to go down a little. Self-discipline, self-discipline. It’s better not to let the mind wander.
Even if I do not feel like writing here. Even when I do not feel ‘motivated,’ I will write. Because that is the mantra that I am using for the next 19 days: self-discipline. I’m thinking that the next mantra will be “I’m joyful. I’m a joy to be around” because the ideal Julia that I am building has no social anxiety.
Did I mention that yesterday I built the 3000-chn-project and uploaded it to github. All three thousand ranked words are now at my fingertips. And I’m learning right now with VueJS on how to authenticate and create logins and use firebase. Should I do the El Agave restaurant project first though?
--1
I’ve been listening to this Youtube video called “Brainwash Yourself In 21 Days for Success!”. Well, to be honest it’s only been the second day. By the way, these entries are going to be stream of consciousness so apologies in advance if it comes across as disjointed. I am not going to make an effort to impress anyone with my writing. In fact, I’m writing right now only because I’m waiting for the programming script that I am running that is returning the latitude and longitudes of address of random shops around the world to finish. It is 9:15pm right now. I am sitting on my bed, propped against the pillows. Mom and Werner are watching a movie in the living room. My feet feel cold. If asked to rate my mood right now, I would say “happy.”
I’m really curious to see if this brainwashing experiment will work. I’m also very curious if I will continue to log in this journal or if it will just be something that I write in once in a blue moon and then forget. After all, it’s only been two days that I’ve been ‘disciplined.’ I must believe though, right? Wow, it’s been a really long time since I have written. I still remember when I was a child I wanted to be a writer above anything else. Write stories. Adventures. That was a longing up until maybe senior year in high school, maybe college, and then I stopped thinking about it. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that I completely failed at writing essays in college. Might have dampened my self-confidence with my writing skills. But I will write here and not care because I am not expecting anyone to read this. When I first created this Google document, I thought it might be nice for my parents, Alden, Dad, Mom and Werner (if they’re interested, of course) to see where I’m at, what my thought process is. The standard social networking platforms, Instagram, Facebook, in my head right now, they feel too ‘public’... I don’t want everyone to know how I’m doing, or how lost I am feeling. Not to mention let’s not clog people’s news feeds. Doesn’t seem like the right place. So here is my brain dump.
I think the reason why I hesitated journaling in the past when prompted is because of my past memories of the writings in my journals when I was depressed, specifically during those months during the second semester of college and the first time I came to Barn View all depressed and Mom had to drive down to California to come pick me up and then drive me up to Washington (the lengths she goes for me…). I want to be like mother, to care and take care of people like her. I’m so selfish… No. We’re not going to go there. What I was getting at before I went off on a tangent is that I’m not going to be negative in this blog. What I’ve learned from the brainwashing video (and other influential people from podcasts have remarked this before) is that the subconscious does not recognize ‘not.’ So for example if I tell myself, mentally, or out loud, I will not be selfish, then the subconscious will only hear ‘selfish’ and that is what I will focus on. And whatever I focus on I will attract.
Right now I am recording “I am self disciplined” on the voice memo app on my phone over and over again along with a couple additional quotes relating to self-discipline. Even as I write this I feel an inkling of doubt (night time is when I tend to feel the most motivated) For some reason, noons are always the hardest, when I seem to feel the least motivation.
I just stuck my foot in front of my mom’s face. That amused me temporarily but it did not please my mom. I regret that now.
I am hoping that self-discipline with be the gateway habit that will help me become the person who I want to become. I still have to spend some time writing out what I want from life. Hey, you know… if I start writing this everyday for 300 days maybe my writing will improve. Man, I already feel better from writing. I feel more sure of myself. Just stream of consciousness. Me and the keyboard. I don’t think this text will be of use to anyone reading it at the moment. If I keep up with this, maybe my writing can become clarified a little. Now that I have started writing, there is so much I want to talk about. I really want to take some time to write out the exercises in The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and Awaken the Giant Within.
You know, once I establish self-discipline, I would really like to tackle the social anxiety I have. For some reason, I feel like there are two warring side inside of me. On one head, I crave being loved. The majority of humans do. On the other hand, a big part of me believes that spending time with other people is a waste of time. It is time that I could be using to hone my skills. But why do I try to hone my skills in the first place? Why do I crave so badly to be an amazing dancer, and amazing fighter, and amazing programmer? Doesn’t this drive to have this skills originate largely from a longing to be admired, to be sought after, to be respected? It all comes down to being loved by others…
However, one step at a time. Once again, reminding myself that it is only day 2 of the brainwashing experiment. This morning I ran 8 miles. I think I would have run more but I had a meeting with Kostas at 11am.
You know how I’m going to keep doing this? Hopefully with self-discipline. Even when I don’t feel like writing, I will use the ‘5 second rule’ principal to launch myself into writing. I will write what I want in my life. I will more clearly delineate what I want in my life. I won’t need to say what I don’t want, only what I want. I will use these two books as reference points.
And maybe I’ll set a timer. Writing on and off like this doesn’t feel really good (I’m alternating between going to my script to change files, and writing this).
